Cspm network exposure playbooks (#44266)
demisto/content: Packs/CloudSecurityPostureManagement/ReleaseNotes/2_0_0.md

#### Triggers Recommendations

##### New: Trigger - AWS Network Exposure

> - New: Added a new triggers recommendation- Trigger - AWS Network Exposure that Recommends the AWS Network Exposure - Auto-remediate playbook to automatically remediate the network exposure of AWS resources by updating the AWS asset with a new security group which is a copy of the original but without the offending security rule that causes public exposure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the ***Trigger - AWS Network Exposure*** triggers recommendation that recommends the **AWS Network Exposure - Auto-remediate** playbook. This playbook remediates network exposure by replacing the asset's security group with a version that excludes the rule causing public exposure.
```

<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM V3.5).</~XSIAM>

##### New: Trigger - Azure Network Exposure

> - New: Added a new triggers recommendation- Trigger - Azure Network Exposure that Recommends the Azure Network Exposure - Auto-remediate playbook to automatically remediate the network exposure of Azure VM by updating the network security group of the VM instance, adding a Deny rule on top of the one that causes public exposure to block access to that specific VM instance. It also adds an Allow rule to permit access to the instance from internal IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the ***Trigger - Azure Network Exposure*** triggers recommendation that recommends the **Azure Network Exposure - Auto-remediate** playbook. This playbook remediates Azure VM network exposure by updating the Network Security Group (NSG). It Adds a high-priority Deny rule to block public access and an Allow rule to permit internal IP traffic.
```

<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM V3.5).</~XSIAM>

##### New: Trigger - GCP Network Exposure

> - New: Added a new triggers recommendation- Trigger - GCP Network Exposure that Recommends the GCP Network Exposure - Auto-remediate playbook to automatically remediate the network exposure of GCP resources by adding a GCP Firewall rule to deny internet access on the specified port from the internet and an allow rule to allow access from specific internal IPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the ***Trigger - GCP Network Exposure*** triggers recommendation that recommends the **GCP Network Exposure - Auto-remediate** playbook. This playbook remediates the network exposure of GCP resources by adding firewall rules to deny public internet access on specified ports and allow access from internal IPs.
```

<~XSIAM> (Available from Cortex XSIAM V3.5).</~XSIAM>

#### Playbooks

##### New: AWS Network Exposure - Auto-remediate

> This playbook remediates the following AWS Network Exposure detections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook remediates AWS Network Exposure detections, specifically Amazon EC2 instances with management ports exposed to the public internet. It updates the AWS asset with a new security group that mirrors the original but excludes the security rule causing public exposure.
```

> 1. Amazon EC2 instance with management ports exposed to the public internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It does so by updating the AWS asset with a new security group which is a copy of the original but without the offending security rule that causes public exposure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### New: Azure Network Exposure - Auto-remediate

> This playbook remediates the following Azure Network Exposure detections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook remediates Azure Network Exposure detections where virtual machines have management ports exposed to the public internet. It updates the Network Security Group (NSG) by adding a high-priority Deny rule to block public access and an Allow rule to permit internal traffic.
```

> 1. Azure virtual machine with management ports exposed to the public internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It does so by updating the network security group of the vm instance, adding a Deny rule on top of the one that causes public exposure to block access to that specific VM instance. It also adds an Allow rule to permit access to the instance from internal IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### New: GCP Network Exposure - Auto-remediate

> Automatically remediates the following Network Exposure detection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook automatically remediates Google Compute Engine instances with management ports exposed  to the internet. It adds GCP firewall rules to deny public access on specified ports while allowing internal IP traffic. It also uses network tags to apply rules to resources or adds the required tag to assets if the rule already exists.
```

> 1. Google Compute Engine instance with management ports exposed to the public internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It does so by adding a GCP Firewall rule to deny internet access on the specified port from the internet and an allow rule to allow access from specific internal IPs. It uses network tags to specify the GCP resources that can use these rules. If a rule already exists, the appropriate network tag is added to the asset in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### Notify Stakeholders

> - Updated the Notify Stakeholders playbook to use adaptive cards for the Microsoft Teams notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the Notify Stakeholders playbook to use adaptive cards for the Microsoft Teams notification.
```
